Adds a doc for all supported languages (#174)
openrewrite/rewrite-docs: reference/supported-languages.md

# Languages/Formats OpenRewrite supports

OpenRewrite is continuously adding support for new languages and formats. As of June 2023, OpenRewrite supports:

## Programming languages

* Java
* Groovy/Gradle 
* Kotlin

> * COBOL (Closed source, commercial feature)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* COBOL (open source, but not free for commercial use)
```

Reviewer: Based off on https://github.com/openrewrite/rewrite-cobol , which uses this wording as well. If changed here then perhaps we'd best be consistent there as well.

## Data formats

* XML
* Properties
* YAML
* JSON
* Protobuf
* Maven POMs (with dependency management)

## Frameworks

> Framework developers have created recipes to help migrate and support their frameworks. These include:

Author: No idea if this is the right way of phrasing this. Would appreciate any advice on how this might be phrased differently.

Reviewer 2: Is this sentence necessary? There isn't an equivalent one for Programming languages nor for Data formats.

Author: I was asked to call out that framework authors are responsible for these frameworks and made these rather than OpenRewrite/Moderne.

Reviewer: I'd go with something like:
```suggestion
Framework migration recipes are developed and maintained in collaboration of the team behind OpenRewrite at Moderne, the original framework authors, and the wider OSS community. Individual recipes list the contributing authors. Support includes, but is not limited to:
```

This softly calls to action anyone looking to contribute, such that it's clear we're open to contributions. We also credit anyone that contributed to any recipe, such that there's no confusion who's involved.

> Framework developers have created recipes to help migrate and support their frameworks. These include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Framework developers can create recipes to help migrate and support their frameworks. Supported frameworks include:
```

* Spring
* Quarkus
* Micronaut

> * Kubernetes

Reviewer: I'd include Jakarta here as well, as that's a common migration users might be looking for these days.
```suggestion
* Jakarta
* Kubernetes
```
I'm somewhat hesitant about including Kubernetes; we haven't explicitly documented how to run such migration recipes, nor do we hear much from users that are using these recipes.

> You can find all of the frameworks in the [community marketplace](https://public.moderne.io/marketplace).

Reviewer: Since these are the OSS docs, should we not link to the recipe catalog instead of the marketplace? Both contain the same, and while the marketplace looks better, it might still be slightly confusing for readers of the OSS docs to be transported elsewhere.
```suggestion
You can find all of the frameworks in the [recipe catalog](https://docs.openrewrite.org/recipes).
```

Author: Olga had mentioned that she wanted to call out the marketplace -- but I think there may just be some context missing. Agree that it's probably better to just link to the recipe catalog.

# Languages/Formats OpenRewrite supports

OpenRewrite is continuously adding support for new languages and formats. As of June 2023, OpenRewrite supports:

## Programming languages

* Java

> * Groovy/Gradle 
> * Kotlin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kotlin
* Groovy
```
Gradle isn't as much a language as it is a build tool, much like Maven. It might be slightly confusing to have Gradle mentioned here.
And Kotlin is gaining traction, so figured list that above Groovy to attract the youngsters. ;)

Author: haha fair enough :D

> * COBOL (open-source, but not free for commercial use)

Reviewer: Is it too early to add Python & TS/JS? They're pretty close...
```suggestion
* COBOL (open-source, but not free for commercial use)
* Python
* TypeScript / JavaScript
```

Author: Should we include Python and TypeScript even though those are only sort of supported right now?

Author: I'm unsure -- I left them out because it felt like we didn't _really_ support them, yet. 

Tracey said: 

```
Python is just a simple text search for now; it’s not functional yet.
TypeScript is in the early stages of support.
```

## Data formats

* XML
* Properties
* YAML
* JSON
* Protobuf

> * Maven POMs (with dependency management)

Reviewer: We could pull Maven and Gradle into a separate block, with Bazel soon to be added, and possibly tools like NPM as well.
```suggestion

## Build tools
* Maven
* Gradle
```
